Spring
------

### 1st Granite, 126

Alright, new leader here. What's up Birdclasps?

![Initial status](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/0O2J0b310K3U/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%208.12.28%20PM.png)

I know understand why the old leader ran away screaming about a werebeaver. We
have 2 total dwarves, and I heard Slava yelling about one of the animals being
the werebeaver in question.

I quickly find the 2 alive dwarves left, digging away, like dwarves love doing.
There are lots of corpses around though...

![The two dwarves](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2v3m3u1l3M3R/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%208.25.48%20PM.png)

Looking through the stockpiles, I see an interesting character! Turns out its
our expedition leader, who is our turned werebeaver. I'm going to proceed try
wall him off and hope the other two aren't infected. I'll need to keep an eye on
him.

![The werebeast](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2r0l1d3A3N0h/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%208.57.36%20PM.png)

Knowing we only have a couple weeks before he turns again, I cancel all
current mining and start mining out a room. One of the miners goes to take a
drink to help cope with everything he's seen, but can't even bring himself to
drink his sorrows away.

![How sad](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2C090u2n0m1n/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%209.21.03%20PM.png)

I look at the old "Containment" burrow and just giggle. If this was containment,
why the hell can dwarves easily get in and out?! Whatever I delete it and move
on. I remove all the dutys of Shorast so he can't remove the walls later.

![RIP Werebeaver](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/1f1C01052p3X/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%2010.03.38%20PM.png)

I give the two living dwarves bedrooms because they deserve to sleep well and
are still sleeping in the dormitory. Turns out the other beds weren't even
bedrooms.

I take away Shorast's leader status and name Kubuk some roles. Once I let him
know of his promotion, I tell him he reminds me of a young me, and he then
demands to be called "Skalnik" as well. Whatever weirdo.

![Skalnik](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/0x343m2m2v3m/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%2010.12.09%20PM.png)

Impressively, Skalnik picks up right where the previous manager left off.
However things have changed since then. We need lots of coffins to contain our
dead.

![Job queue](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/1g0S1O1x3B3F/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-18%20at%2010.16.43%20PM.png)

### 13th Granite, 126

An elevan caravan shows up! Just ignore the corpses and blood everywhere. It'll
be fine.

![Elves](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2L402A0r2F15/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-23%20at%207.17.27%20PM.png)

Sidenote: I thought to check little Skalnik's kills, and find he's hilled a
dwarf. We'll see if he turns...

Suddenly the old containment area fills with miasma, and I notice Skalnik &
Shorast, the definite werebeaver. Shit. This is bad in 2 cases. One, how the
hell did he get into Shorast's containment?! Second, WHY ARE THE TALKING. This
is going to be !!fun!!

![Friendly chats](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2T3f3503120O/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-23%20at%207.28.25%20PM.png)

Uhhh, I guess the best possible outcome happened, which was Shorast turned,
proceeded to murder little Skalnik, and then turned back. Still one dwarf!
Hilariously, little Skalnik was killed by being hit in the head with a alpaca
wool sock.

![Skalnik's death](http://cloud.mikeskalnik.com/image/2h010M272A3F/Screen%20Shot%202014-08-23%20at%207.43.06%20PM.png)
